com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/spriteObject/Letter.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.spriteObject.Letter
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/genericObjects/Platform.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.genericObjects.Platform
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/MenuScreen.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.MenuScreen
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/Const.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.Const
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/DebugRendering.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.DebugRendering
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/CutScene.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.CutScene
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/textures/LoadingScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.textures.LoadingScreenTextures
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/genericObjects/Cloud.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.genericObjects.Cloud
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/TexturePackerTool.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.TexturePackerTool
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/CreditsScreen.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.CreditsScreen
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/TiledSetUp.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.TiledSetUp
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/staticObjects/StaticObjects.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.staticObjects.StaticObjects
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/spriteObject/SpriteObject.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.spriteObject.SpriteObject
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/textures/CreditsScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.textures.CreditsScreenTextures
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/textures/MenuScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.textures.MenuScreenTextures
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/animatedObjects/AnimatedObjects.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.animatedObjects.AnimatedObjects
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/genericObjects/RespawnPoint.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.genericObjects.RespawnPoint
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/TextAlignment.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.TextAlignment
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/main/lettersToMom.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.main.lettersToMom
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/tools/MusicControl.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.tools.MusicControl
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/textures/MainScreenTextures.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.textures.MainScreenTextures
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/staticObjects/RainDrop.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.staticObjects.RainDrop
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/genericObjects/GenericObjects.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.genericObjects.GenericObjects
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/spriteObject/Person.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.spriteObject.Person
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/objects/spriteObject/UmbrellaMan.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.objects.spriteObject.UmbrellaMan
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/LoadingScreen.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.LoadingScreen
com/mygdx/lettersToMom/screens/MainScreen.java
 com.mygdx.lettersToMom.screens.MainScreen
